Once upon a time, in the far wastes of the forgotten land Uditim, a small creature emerged...



Episode 1: And then there was light

It was a day like any other, the sun shone its light upon the wasteland, blessing it with its energy.
Energy that, like anything in this bare desert, wouldn't go to any use with nobody present TO use it.
The ground was dry and cracked, like men's lips in the suddering heat, but this land knew no men.
As far as the eye could see, there was flat earth, not a tree or building in sight. Which, come to speak
of it, would be quite frightening to see, as it appears there had never been any life here, so any sign of
it would be reason for suspicion. The sky was still blue though, almost weirdly so... A very strange
situation, with nobody and nothing there, yet an almost fake-seemingly eerie landscape. The contrast between
the bright blue heavens and the light brown earth was mind boggling; dominated by two forces, two colors
which had been there forever, and wouldn't go... At least, not yet...

On this day, something happened that would change this land forever.

Very subtly, a small piece of earth began to move. It wasn't anything big, yet it was something. A tiny,
miniscule bulge began to form, moving up almost unnoticeably. If one had anything but looked at that
specific piece of earth for less than 12 seconds, they would have missed it. But it was there, and it
didn't stop moving. Quite the contrary! It started shaking and quivering, as if it had endless amounts of
energy just waiting to be released... Harder and harder this tiny spot of ground began shivering, harder
than anything this world had seen before. The frequency of the activity kept on rising, rising still until
a small noise could be heard, a noise that grew louder and louder as the ground began to rumble. Then,
suddenly, as if an invisible rope had snapped, the ground burst open! An arc of green energy shot
out of the once lifeless earth, racing up into the sky. Where the ground had just been hard as diamond,
there was now a gaping crack, a hole in the soil with no intent of closing. The ground kept shaking, intensely
so, until everywhere you looked the earth looked like a bouncing castle. Pieces of rock were launched into the
sky, now bright green as if shook by the sudden occurrence. The crack in the timeless wasteland that was this place kept
on growing, almost seeming to speed up as if it had been released from a lifelong prison sentence, rumbling
and consuming everything it came into contact with. At its center a giant green thunderbolt, as thick as an elephant
came rushing up, growing brighter every second. Everywhere around, flowers came bursting through, and the soil began
growing moss and grass, and then... It stopped. As suddenly as it had appeared, the giant bolt of green energy
dissipated into thin air, and the ground stopped moving. Once again, the landscape was quiet and the sky regained its
blue color. But this time, something was different. Still, there was an enormous hole in the ground, and
green grass around it. This time, life would come...